Thinking Like a Programmar 


Output -> 3rd prime number

Step 1 -> Start from 2 and keep going ahead till we find 3 prime numbers 
Step 2 -> For each number - like if we picked 2 -> try to divide it by every number between 2 to n-1
Step 3 -> If at any point we found a number which is divisible in the above condition we move to next number 
step 4 -> When we find a number which is not divisible then we increase the count of number of prime numbers found till now 
Step 5 -> the moment the count of prime numbers reaches 3 that is the 3rd prime number


4th even number -> 
Step 1 -> Start from 1 keep incrementing till we have 4 even numbers with us
Step 2 -> for each number check if it is divisible by 2
    If Yes 
        then add to the even number count
    If no 
        Move to the next number 
Step 3 -> when we reach 4 on the even number count then that number is our 4th even number


Whether a coupon code is allowed on that account or not 
    1. Per account the coupon can only be used twice 
    2. On the same product the coupon cannot work more than once
    3. There is only limited supply coupond and the max coupons which can be rolled out is 10000 

Step 1: 
    If the coupon code even valid

        If Is the number of coupons which are left is it greater than 0

            if the user has not already used the coupons 2 times 

                if check if previous coupon code should not be on same product as now
                    "Coupon code applied successfully"

                else
                    cannot utilise the coupon on this produce
    
            else 
                you have already utilised maximum number of times

        else 
            Coupon code exhausted

    else 
        Coupon code does not exists


    Algorithm is a sequence of logical steps to reach a desired output 

    
    Find 4th even number 
        1. Loop over the numbers starting from 1 and keep incrementing till we find 4 even numbers 
        2. On Every loop 
            if number is divisble by 2
                evenNumberCount = evenNumberCount + 1
        
        3. If evenNumberCount is equal to 4 
                Then number is found
            else 
                Move to next number
            

Write a psuedo code to Provide me first 3 numbers which are divisble 
by both 5 and 3
    1. to provide only the third number 


    Extra attempt change the psuedo code to provide first 3


1. Planning 
2. Design 
3 Development 
4. Testing 
5. Deployment 
6. Maintianence 


Deployment 
Continous Integration and Continous deployment 
Staging and production
